My name is Victor. I'm the head of AI at Ampere.
We have a little AI demo right here
To demonstrate how Altra and Altra Max can
run all sorts of AI workloads whether
you're using TensorFlow, Pytorch or any other
standard software. So what we're having here is
a live video feed from Jackson Hole with
cars on the intersection
What we can show here is that using our Altra Max
and our AIO - AI Optimizer for
TensorFlow, PyTorch and other standard frameworks.
We can accelerate those standard Computer Vision,
Natural Language Processing or Recommendation Engine
workloads to run very very efficiently on our chips.
For example, in this case, we can achieve
real-time performance meaning 30 frames
per second on a live video feed just using 6 vCPUs
of our chip and Altra Max comes with up
to 128 cores so you can imagine how many of
those workloads you can run simultaneously.